---
tittle: TOPIC__ ANIMAL FARMING
author: SlimTux
date: 10.02.23
---
# Animal Farming (not the novel)

## Concerns of intensive animmal farming
+ high density of animal increaeas the risk of rapid spread of disease the animal population
+ Ethical Concern 
+ [Afeminate ( Like soydevs )] organism by consuming anti-biotics that have feminine hormones
+ Use of antibiotics to prevent an "possible" future illnes, instead of to mitigate.
* It will create animals imunes to weak antibiotics, resulting in an positive feedback, insert stronger antibiotiks
+ High concentration of organic waste matter produced that can *pollute water systems*
  
## Organic Farming 
GMO's(Genetic modified organisms) proghibition, also, the prohibition of *chemical fertilizers* and *restrict the use of chemical fertilizers*
+ Composting.
-- This helps to **reduce chemical contamination of foods and limits pollution** 

### Examples
   + Physical removes by hand of pests or weeds
   + Biological predators ( release the predator in the wild to hunt down the plagues ) to reduce pests instead of synthetic pesticides.
   * Manure, compost and green manure as a sources of nutrients and to improve soil structures of synthetic fertilizers 
  -- ``Organic matter avoid erosion and help the crops``
   + Crop rotation where a different groups of crops are grown each year, on a rotation of typically three or four years. In the next year they are     replaced by legumes.
   + Livestocks ( Gado ) are fed with organic feed and reared without routine use of drugs and growth hormones. They are allowed space to move around with acess to outdoor areas.
## Organic Farming 
- Organic farming is more labour intensive than intensive commercial farming and **produces lower yields**
- The costs of organinc produced crops tends to be higher, which has lead to accum

### Organic Farming is driven by(Pergunta de nove pontos):
+ Greater concerns over health, for instance, organic crops do not contain pesticedes residues or meat is not contaminated with growth hormones
+ Concerns of ethics of intensive farming.
